In that case.
So today I will let you completely give up.
Girl, you find a way to approach Qin Su.
After helping me destroy the Qin Dynasty, there is no shortage of your benefits.
This little thing doesn't work very well.
What is the use of feeding you?
Found it, give it to me ASAP, send this in.
The cost of consumption, you absolutely will not show up in the emergency room.
Your Majesty, what do you want to say now?
It's all fake.
It's all lies.
The fake evidence was synthesized with my voice.
He can't have my recording.
Yes, I really can't understand the conversation between the two of you.
But after the goat eluded his father, he was pushed out as a scapegoat.
Now I have such a life.
Asshole!
I'll kill you.
I want you dead, Your Majesty.
Why is the dog jumping off the wall?
Is the chest wall leaking?
Somebody get me a ballpoint pen.
You're dead, aren't you?
Who do you want to die?